doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData.md, before:

Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData
================
2020-02-28 --> 2020-03-10




Table of contents
===========

- [RealGenController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController.md) &ndash; The RealGenController class.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaResourceController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController.md) &ndash; The LudaResourceController class.
    - [LudaResourceController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the resource list page.
    - [LudaResourceController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the resource form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaResourceHasTagController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController.md) &ndash; The LudaResourceHasTagController class.
    - [LudaResourceHasTagController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the resource has tag list page.
    - [LudaResourceHasTagController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the resource has tag form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaTagController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController.md) &ndash; The LudaTagController class.
    - [LudaTagController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the tag list page.
    - [LudaTagController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the tag form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/ControllerHub/LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler::handle](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/ControllerHub/LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler/handle.md) &ndash; Process the given controllerIdentifier and returns an appropriate http response.
    - LightBaseControllerHubHandler::__construct &ndash; Builds the LightKitAdminControllerHubHandler instance.
    - LightBaseControllerHubHandler::setContainer &ndash; Sets the container.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataException](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Exception/LightKitAdminUserDataException.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataException class.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/LightKitAdminPlugin/LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin class.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::__construct &ndash; Builds the BaseLightKitAdminPlugin instance.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::getPluginOptions &ndash; Returns the options of this kit admin plugin.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::setOptionsFile &ndash; Sets the file.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the LightUserDataRowRestrictionHandler instance.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::setContainer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/setContainer.md) &ndash; Sets the container.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::checkRestriction](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/checkRestriction.md) &ndash; table and parameters.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataService](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataService class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the LightKitAdminUserDataService instance.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::setContainer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/setContainer.md) &ndash; Sets the container.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::install](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/install.md) &ndash; Installs the plugin in the light application.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::uninstall](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/uninstall.md) &ndash; Uninstalls the plugin.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::getDependencies](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/getDependencies.md) &ndash; Returns the array of dependencies.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::inject](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/inject.md) &ndash; Injects menu fragments in the given menu, knowing the "menuStructureId" context.


Dependencies
============
- [Bat](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Bat)
- [Chloroform](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Chloroform)
- [Light](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light)
- [Light_Kit_Admin](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin)
- [Light_Realform](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Realform)
- [Light_Kit](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit)
- [Light_UserRowRestriction](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_UserRowRestriction)
- [Light_ControllerHub](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_ControllerHub)
- [Light_User](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_User)
- [BabyYaml](https://github.com/lingtalfi/BabyYaml)
- [Light_BMenu](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_BMenu)
- [Light_PluginInstaller](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_PluginInstaller)
- [Light_UserDatabase](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_UserDatabase)
- [SimplePdoWrapper](https://github.com/lingtalfi/SimplePdoWrapper)

Commit message:

update update service to adapt new plugin installer service

doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData.md, after:

Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData
================
2020-02-28 --> 2020-06-23




Table of contents
===========

- [RealGenController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController.md) &ndash; The RealGenController class.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaResourceController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController.md) &ndash; The LudaResourceController class.
    - [LudaResourceController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the resource list page.
    - [LudaResourceController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the resource form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaResourceHasTagController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController.md) &ndash; The LudaResourceHasTagController class.
    - [LudaResourceHasTagController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the resource has tag list page.
    - [LudaResourceHasTagController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaResourceHasTagController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the resource has tag form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LudaTagController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController.md) &ndash; The LudaTagController class.
    - [LudaTagController::renderList](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController/renderList.md) &ndash; Renders the tag list page.
    - [LudaTagController::renderForm](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/LudaTagController/renderForm.md) &ndash; Renders the tag form page.
    - [RealGenController::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the instance.
    - [RealGenController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/render.md) &ndash; Renders a page to interact with a table data.
    - [RealGenController::setOnSuccessIframeSignal](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/Generated/Base/RealGenController/setOnSuccessIframeSignal.md) &ndash; Sets the iframeSignal to use in case of a valid form.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [UserFileManagerController](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/User/UserFileManagerController.md) &ndash; The UserFileManagerController class.
    - [UserFileManagerController::render](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Controller/User/UserFileManagerController/render.md) &ndash; Renders the user profile page, where the user can change her profile.
    - AdminPageController::renderAdminPage &ndash; if she is not connected yet.
    - LightKitAdminController::__construct &ndash; Builds the LightController instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::setRoute &ndash; Sets the matching route to this controller instance.
    - LightKitAdminController::renderPage &ndash; Renders the given page using the [kit service](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit).
    - LightController::setLight &ndash; Sets the light instance.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/ControllerHub/LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler::handle](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/ControllerHub/LightKitAdminUserDataControllerHubHandler/handle.md) &ndash; Process the given controllerIdentifier and returns an appropriate http response.
    - LightBaseControllerHubHandler::__construct &ndash; Builds the LightKitAdminControllerHubHandler instance.
    - LightBaseControllerHubHandler::setContainer &ndash; Sets the container.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataException](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Exception/LightKitAdminUserDataException.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataException class.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/LightKitAdminPlugin/LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataLkaPlugin class.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::__construct &ndash; Builds the BaseLightKitAdminPlugin instance.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::getPluginOptions &ndash; Returns the options of this kit admin plugin.
    - BaseLightKitAdminPlugin::setOptionsFile &ndash; Sets the file.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the LightUserDataRowRestrictionHandler instance.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::setContainer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/setContainer.md) &ndash; Sets the container.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler::checkRestriction](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Light_UserRowRestriction/LightKitAdminUserDataRowRestrictionHandler/checkRestriction.md) &ndash; table and parameters.
- [LightKitAdminUserDataService](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService.md) &ndash; The LightKitAdminUserDataService class.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::__construct](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/__construct.md) &ndash; Builds the LightKitAdminUserDataService instance.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::setContainer](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/setContainer.md) &ndash; Sets the container.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::install](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/install.md) &ndash; Installs the plugin in the light application.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::uninstall](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/uninstall.md) &ndash; Uninstalls the plugin.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::isInstalled](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/isInstalled.md) &ndash; Returns whether the core install phase of the plugin is fully completed.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::getDependencies](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/getDependencies.md) &ndash; Returns the array of dependencies.
    - [LightKitAdminUserDataService::inject](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/blob/master/doc/api/Ling/Light_Kit_Admin_UserData/Service/LightKitAdminUserDataService/inject.md) &ndash; Injects menu fragments in the given menu, knowing the "menuStructureId" context.


Dependencies
============
- [Bat](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Bat)
- [Chloroform](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Chloroform)
- [Light](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light)
- [Light_Kit_Admin](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit_Admin)
- [Light_Realform](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Realform)
- [Light_Kit](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_Kit)
- [Light_UserRowRestriction](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_UserRowRestriction)
- [Light_ControllerHub](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_ControllerHub)
- [Light_User](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_User)
- [BabyYaml](https://github.com/lingtalfi/BabyYaml)
- [Light_BMenu](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_BMenu)
- [Light_PluginInstaller](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_PluginInstaller)
- [Light_UserDatabase](https://github.com/lingtalfi/Light_UserDatabase)
- [SimplePdoWrapper](https://github.com/lingtalfi/SimplePdoWrapper)
